[SHY] Sometime in the
mid-21st century,
on this small globe in space
that we call home,
war had ceased to exist.
♪
People with superhuman
abilities popped up all over.
They wanted to bring
peace to the world,
and worked super hard
to achieve it!
[gunshot]
But where did they come from?
And how could they do
what they did?
We'll get to that part later.
All of them came dressed
in strange outfits
that would be way
too embarrassing
for any normal person.
And because of that,
people began to refer to them
the good-old-fashioned way.
As "Heroes."
E-Everyone...
H-Hello, there.
[SHY]
Hello, there.
I...um...
I...
I'm Japan's hero,
-[SHY] a-and my name is...
-We are now arriving at
[FEMALE TRAIN ANNOUNCER 1A]
Himawari Land.
-Please exit through...
-[SHRIMPY] Teru,
-isn't this your stop?
-...doors on your right.
[gasps]
-[exclaims]
-[gasps]
Uh! I'm so sorry!
[SHY] It was a time
where people were
dreaming of a peaceful world.
They needed a world where
they could live without fear.
[SHRIMPY]
You need to go right.
[SHY] In order to make
that dream a reality,
Heroes of all sorts started
appearing all over the world.
There's even...
a hero here in Japan.
Huh?
There it is.
[indistinct chatter]
Uh.
I uh...
H-Hello, uh, there...
He-Hello there, everybody!
Hello, there!
[BOY 1A] Hello, miss.
[BOY 1B] Hi or whatever.
[GIRL 1A]
Hello there.
Um...I'm here because...
well, because
I'm Japan's resident hero.
My name's Shy.
It's...nice to meet you all!
[BOY 1C]
He's called Heartman!
-[SHY] So, uh...
-[DAD 1A] Hey!
Today we're he--
At Heartman's Hero show,
And they invited
me here as a guest.
[GIRL 1A]
I'm really hungry, Mama!
I've...watched Heartman
since I was little, actually.
[BOY 1A]
When's Heartman gonna get here?
[SHY]
Um...
I'm bored!
-[BOY 1D] I gotta poop!
-[GIRL 1A] Hurry up!
Right, of course.
I'm sorry.
Well, anyways...
The-The show is gonna
be starting soon!
I'll see you later, everyone!
Shy! Hey! You've got this!
[indistinct chatter]
Um...
Thank you.
[FEMALE SHOW ANNOUNCER 1A]
Here they are, everybody!
The mighty Heroes of Heartman!
-You were great out there.
-Thanks.
I need the mic back.
Oh! Right, I'm
sorry 'bout that!
[HEARTMAN RED]
Doki Doki Heartful Attack!
[HEARTLESS ALIEN 1A]
Heartwarming.
[HEARTMAN RED]
Nice work today.
[HEARTLESS ALIEN 1A]
Yeah, you too.
[retching]
[stomach rumbling]
I think that
I'm gonna be sick again.
[SHRIMPY] You're the same
as always, Teru.
Oh. Hey, Shrimpy.
It's been three months
since you became a Hero.
You should be used to
people looking at you by now.
Mm-hm.
I don't think I'll
ever get used to that part.
-[high-pitch screeching]
-[gasps]
What's happening?
[MALE PARK ATTENDEE 1A]
-Why'd it stop? -Hear that.
-That didn't sound right!
-This is really bad!
[MALE PARK ATTENDEE 1B]
Someone go get help!
Hm...um, hey, Iko?
I'm scared.
Hey, don't worry.
Someone's gonna come save us--
-[grunts]
-[people screaming]
[FEMALE RIDER 1A]
Why is this happening?
It's okay.
I promise you.
You're...gonna
be just fine, okay?
-[gasp]
-Wow, it's Shy!
Right, I'm here to
get you both down,
so just take my hand.
Hey, um...
would you maybe get
everybody else down first
before coming back for me?
Huh?! But, what if...
[IKO] You're gonna save
all of us anyway.
So, the order doesn't
really matter, right?
Hm...well, if you're sure...
I've gotcha.
By the way,
he's a big fan of yours.
So, make sure you give him
a good show, 'kay?
[chuckling]
[uneasy chuckle]
[SHY] She's pretty brave
considering the situation.
This next part might make your
tummy feel kinda icky,
but hang in there for me, okay?
Okay.
[screaming]
[fluttering]
[crowd gasping]
♪
All right, next one.
[clapping]
♪
Thank you, Miss Shy!
[laughing]
Okay!
That brave girl's the last one.
-[gasps]
-[screaming]
[metal creaking]
What's happening?!
[gasping]
Oh, no!
[straining]
[thudding]
[panting]
[MALE PARK ATTENDEE 1D]
She actually caught it!
[FEMALE PARK ATTENDEE 1D]
Thank goodness she was here!
[panting]
That was a close one.
I'm glad I made it!
[gasps]
Hey, are you okay?
♪
No.
[FEMALE REPORTER 1A]
Yesterday, at 11 AM,
following a serious accident
at Himawari Land,
A young Iko Koishikawa
was hospitalized and
hasn't regained consciousness.
The incident has
some questioning
the ability of the Hero Shy,
and what the current role of
heroes is in our society.
[MALE COMMENTATOR 1A]
Heroes should be held
legally responsible for
their rescue attempts!
[FEMALE COMMENTATOR 1A]
This Shy is still a child,
is she not?
The problem here
isn't Heroes themselves,
it's the fact that we've
created a backwards society
in which we rely on mere
children to protect us!
There's a truck
that rolled over
in the next prefecture.
Aren't you going to help?
Hm?
[clanging]
I dunno when it happened,
but I can't transform.
Guess it doesn't work
if your heart's not in it.
It's been a month since
the roller-coaster accident.
I understand
how you must be feeling.
But the people of Japan
are in need of your help.
You have to protect them.
But...I can't do it.
I'm just gonna mess up again.
If someone gets hurt,
people will say more
mean things about me.
Teru...
not everybody is saying
those cruel things about you.
Maybe...if there'd been
some other Hero there that day,
maybe if I'd caught
the coaster properly,
maybe if I had
saved her sooner.
If I was a real hero,
this wouldn't have happened!
You kid,
are way too hard on yourself.
-[gasps]
-[gulping]
[SHY]
Pepesha?
[sighs]
Word on the street is
you've become a total shut in.
That right?
Well, uh, I wouldn't say
that I'm a total shut in.
-But I get it!
-[gasps]
Really, I do!
We all go through it!
You know what?
I dreamed of flying
around the world like Century.
My plan was to get
everybody super wasted.
How great would that be?
If everyone were drunk,
things like war, crimes,
or discrimination
would seem silly.
If they all got toasty,
they'd be happy.
Don't you think?
-[SHY] Um, Pepesha?
-Huh?
Why are you in my bedroom?
Hm.
I forgot!
Hm?!
Oh, but don't worry
your pretty little head!
I may have forgotten
why I'm here,
but I do remember
what you need to do!
[sighing]
Now Teru? Listen!
-Open your ears!
-[squirming]
We can't just go
and make everyone
in the world into drunkards!
Huh?!
Even if I got sloshed with
everyone in this country,
everybody on the other side
of the globe would be sober!
You get it?
No.
[chuckles]
[SHY]
I don't get it at all!
Hey! What's your deal?
I don't understand
what you're saying!
Are you making fun of me?
Oh, no, that's not it at all,
what I'm trying
to say is, uh...
There isn't a Hero
in this world,
who can save every person.
Huh?
But still, you can't stop
just 'cause you're scared.
Hold on tight to the lives
you were able to save,
and carry with you
the ones you couldn't
and keep moving forward.
That's what heroes do, right?
Hm.
But, Pepesha,
I'm not like you, I can't--
[phone chiming]
Hm?!
Yes, what is it?
Huh?! There's an emergency
in Petersburg?
Aw, but I wanted to spend
more time with little Teru!
Okay, okay, I'm on my way!
I'm sorry, Teru!
I really wish we could
chat some more.
But I'll be back as soon as I
remember why I came here.
Bye-bye! Woo!
Oh, uh, sure.
See you later.
What was that all about?
Seems she's not great
at talking to people either.
[SHY]
No hero can save every person.
If I start thinking
about it that way,
will that help me move forward?
[MALE STUDENT 1D]
I'm stumped.
What do you want
to watch tonight?
[SHY] What did she mean
I should "carry" them with me?
Like, take responsibility?
In that case,
how's that different
from what I'm doing now?
[MALE STUDENT 1D] Hey,
you know that Hero Shy?
Hm?
No one's seen her
since that accident.
I wonder where she went.
[MALE STUDENT 1C]
Huh, I dunno, maybe she died.
What? That means Japan
doesn't have a Hero anymore.
Even without one,
things've been pretty quiet.
Guess you're right!
[chuckling]
I wonder if this is how
I'm gonna be from now on.
Will I...feel like this
forever?
[siren wailing]
[gasps]
That's a lot of sirens.
[fire raging]
[panting]
[SHY]
Shy.
[crackling]
[MALE FIREFIGHTER 1A]
A massive fire has broken out
at T-1 Hotel!
People are still trapped
on the upper floors!
[MALE FIREFIGHTER 1B]
We can't get to them in time.
I have to go help.
Huh?!
[clanging]
Why?
I have to help.
If I don't, then...
[MALE FIREFIGHTER 1A]
Hey, kid! Get outta here!
Quit pretending
that you're a Hero!
It's dangerous for you
to get so close to the fire!
[DAIGO]
I don't care about that!
It's my duty to go
and save them!
Because the Hero Shy,
saved me and my sister!
Now it's my turn
to save everyone!
[SHY]
A little boy?
Listen, kid!
Fire's really scary, you know!
Yeah, but I wanna defeat
all scary things
and protect people!
Because that's what it means
to be a hero!
Ah...
[exploding]
[MALE SPECTATOR 1A]
An explosion?
[FEMALE STUDENT 1A]
The building's coming apart!
[crashing]
[MALE SPECTATOR 1B] No! Did
that little boy get crushed?
[MALE SPECTATOR 1C]
Is he okay?
Hey, you all right?
[gasps]
[MALE FIREFIGHTER 1B]
Everyone, please!
Stand clear of the building!
Doesn't seem like you got hurt.
That's good.
Shrimpy, there's
a huge fire at T-1 Hotel.
♪
Yeah, I'm okay.
I'm going inside.
Miss...
are you...?
You were right, you know.
About what it means
to be a Hero.
[sighs]
I'm scared.
So scared I can't stop shaking.
But even so, I'll keep moving.
I'll push past the fear.
Because...
[clanging]
♪
Because...
I am Shy!
[exclaims]
Thank you, my hero.
I'll take it from here, okay?
Hm!
[grunting]
Hey, kid,
are you all right?
[crackling]
[SHY]
I'm so stupid, stupid, stupid!
I'm the biggest idiot
in the universe!
I was so busy
worrying about myself
that I was totally frozen!
-[fire blazing]
-[gasps]
[grunting]
Hello, there!
Is there anyone still up here?
[SHY]
I can't hear anyone.
Did they already evacuate?
[crying]
[gasps]
[SHY]
Right! Someone's still here!
Answer me!
Tell me where you are!
I'm here to rescue you!
-[crying]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
Hey, can you hear me?
Are you all right?
[SHY]
She doesn't have a pulse!
It happened again!
I couldn't save her!
[grunts]
No! I can't think like that!
I can't get distracted.
It'll be all right.
I need to get them out of here
and to the paramedics
as soon as I can!
If I can do that,
I know she'll be okay!
[crashing]
[gasps]
I promise...
that I'll save her!
[panicked gasps]
I overused my thruster!
I won't make it!
[SPIRIT] Good to see you've
got your spirit back, Teru.
[gasps]
♪
But don't push yourself
too hard.
[SHY]
Pepesha?
[SPIRIT]
Welcome back!
Seems Shy's made her
grand return!
[distant siren wailing]
[indistinct chatter]
[MALE FIREFIGHTER 1A]
Evacuations are complete,
and we've put the fire out!
Transfer the wounded
to the hospital!
Take them all to
Tanpopo Central Hospital!
And just like that,
our work here is done.
Those guys can
take care of the rest.
-[sighs]
-Hm?
Aw, what's wrong?
Do you think you
didn't do enough?
Huh? No,
it's nothing like that at all!
Hm...
It just doesn't
really feel like
I actually saved
anybody today.
[people clamoring]
Huh?!
[FEMALE FAN 1A]
Spirit from Russia?
[MALE FAN 1A]
What're you doing in Japan?
Can I get your autograph?
-[SPIRIT] Oh, my!
-She's so popular.
Shy!
Thank you so much for today.
And thanks for the
amusement park, too!
Uh...
Oh! You're that boy!
Um, that day, I uh...
-I'm sorry abou--
-Oh!
And my sister just
got out of the hospital!
And she's going to be going
back to school super soon!
So thank you...
for saving me,
for saving my sister,
and everyone else, too!
♪
[chuckling]
[SHY]
He says I saved everyone.
But is it...
really okay for me
to believe that?
-Teru!
-[gasps]
You scared me!
Hey. You want to know what
one of the paramedics told me?
It's about the baby's mother
that you found in the building.
Huh?!
She's conscious
and will be just fine.
No matter what anyone says,
you saved precious lives,
and that makes you a Hero.
But that's just my opinion
on the matter.
[SHY]
Right.
[sobbing]
Right!
Aw, sweetheart!
What're you crying for?
You should smile
at a time like this!
[giggling]
Alrighty,
what do you say
we get going, then?
What? Go where?
Why, to outer space, of course!
I remembered...
the real reason that I came
to see you the other day, Teru!
Huh?!
♪
Huh!
[quivering]
Beamed into space
in two seconds flat!
Ahem! Where exactly are we?
This place is basically
a secret hideout
for Heroes like us.
[UNILORD]
It's a pleasure to meet you,
Teru Momijiyama.
Or rather,
the Hero of Japan.
Shy.
It's been three months
since you became a Hero.
I truly wish that you and I
could have met sooner.
But no matter.
-Hold on.
-[gasps]
Shy?
Are you able to hear me?
[whimpering]
Is something the matter?
Well, she's shy, get it?
[SHY]
She's just so beautiful!
Uh, and who might you be?
I am the one charged with
watching over all
the Heroes of Earth.
The Heavenly Empress Unilord.
[SHY]
Empress?
But there is no need
for such formality.
Please,
I prefer that those dear to me
refer to me by
a different name.
Call me,
"Eunnie."
[gasps]
[sighs]
That was a joke.
[SHY]
She's got jokes?
All right then, Eunnie.
Let's get right
down to business.
-[SHY] She called her that?!
-Right.
I suppose I'll get
straight to the point, then.
Sometime in the future,
we will come to face a danger
that is utterly incomparable
to anything we have
ever faced before.
Huh?
And that, my dear,
is the very reason why
you heroes of Earth
have come to be.
Although the world
may be free of war,
there is a darkness
that exists in everyone's heart
that they do not wish
for anyone else to see.
No matter who we are,
that shadow lives within us.
There
are those who shun the light
and take advantage
of the dark instead.
Shy,
understand this.
The true duty of a hero,
is to be a shining
beacon of hope for the people
and, to protect
the very heart of the world.
I don't understand,
what do you mean by the heart?
Don't worry.
I promise it'll all
make sense eventually.
[SHY] We live in an age
where war has ceased to exist.
An age where everyone
dreams of lasting peace.
This age,
was a time in human history
when we'd understand
why the heart mattered most.
[SHY]
An incomparable threat.
And the duty of heroes.
There is so much going on that
it feels impossible to process.
What even is this threat
they were talking about?
All right, quiet down!
As I told you last week,
we're going to have
a new student
joining our class today.
[TEACHER] You can
come in now, Koishikawa.
[IKO]
Sure.
[gasps]
[grunting]
Hi there, my name's
Iko Koishikawa!
Before coming here,
I used to attend
Karen Middle School
in the next town over.
It's so nice to meet you all!
[FEMALE CLASSMATE 1A]
She's seriously gorgeous!
[MALE CLASSMATE 1A]
Karen Middle School?
[MALE CLASSMATE 1B]
She's gotta be smart, then!
[FEMALE CLASSMATE 1B]
Why is she on crutches?
[TEACHER] Right. Your seat will
be right over there.
[IKO]
Right.
[SHY]
Iko Koishikawa.
She's the one...
[MALE CLASSMATE 1C]
Uh, need some help?
I appreciate that,
but I'll be just fine.
She's the one
that Shy failed to save.
[gasps]
Nice to meet you.
[nervous chuckle]
[SHY] Yeah,
it's nice to meet you, too.